Dev Ops, Hosting, Naming etc
----------------------------

Positioning as open source

    It is a web-app for a group of professionals in an organisation to share
    information about the skills they hold collectively. For example a group of
    engineers in a company could use it to publish (internally) which particular
    engineering specialisms are held by which people.

    you can view the hier, search, see which people are registered with each
    skill, grab email addr of all people with skill x, get zip download of cv of
    all people with skill x

    everything self service - to remove all maint bottlenecks and resistance
        users reg selves against skills
        users create, add, refine skill hier themselves
            (optional email alerts of changes to admin user)
        users opt upload cv

    admin user has special rights - like housekeeping taxon, e.g. refactoring the
    taxon if/when required.

    access only to people with email address at your co - sends once only log in 
    creds to this addr

    emph on removing many poss obstacles to use to get take up from users
        phone friendly gui for inst acc
        one shot auth - then no auth gateways

    v simple deploy on server - one exe IS the server/app

    auto optional backup of data as zip file to email addr

    creates log of user actions - who did what / when, with optionally email
    alerts also to nom people.

    Techno perspective

        Server written in go / golang. (refs)
        Because is Go, Builds v easily Linux or Windows into simple statically 
        linked, single exe.  With no runtime dependencies.
        Requires no db or third party lib installation - self contained - 
        data stored server side as single text file.
        GUI adapts to phone/tab/laptop etc auto courtesy Bootstrap CSS.
        Trad server side gen html - v light and minimal client side js.

        Carefully designed aiming to be easy to understand to new dev and easy to
        change / evolve, and to be built from . Quite small. Only n
        sloc. Full code doc and unit tests.

        Check out sw design / code review here.

    Check out video or sandpit version here / here.

    Check out how to install here.


Which licence?

    o  Choice + raison detre = MIT because liberal
    o  Need for statement thereof in code - put license.txt in root

If hosted at github what can it include?

    Defer

Repo and project naming?

    github.com/peterhoward42/skilldrill/
        readme.md
        license.txt
        package1-dir
        package2-dir
        package3-dir
        not-code
            data/
            docs/
            media/


Identities, plus Acknowledging me and Altran

    Put int about me in github


What is practical configuration landscape?

    o  Have config package / module and compile everything in
